"The young family's plight has renewed criticism of China's healthcare system."  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"China has joined Russia in condemning a newly-announced US policy to develop smaller atomic bombs."    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"The UK government has raised concerns over religious freedom in China's mainly Muslim province of Xinjiang. One man says he would rather his family die than face persecution."  

"Dog owners in Singapore usher in the Year of the Dog with their furry friends at a dog-themed carnival and costume competition in the city-state's Chinatown district. The event is part of activities to celebrate the upcoming Lunar New Year."

"With China facing a massive gender gap and a greying population, a company wants to hook up lonely men and retirees with a new kind of companion: \"smart\" sex dolls that can talk, play music and turn on dishwashers."

"Poor regulation and overcrowding are pushing Everest climbers away from Nepal to China, which is investing millions to boost a rival path to the top of the world. The exodus could dent a long-standing source of revenue for the cash-strapped Himalayan nation - Kathmandu raked in more than $4 million in Everest permits fees alone in 2017."

"Egyptian kung fu fighter Mizo is the only Arab and African to win a world championship gold medal in his weight class. And yet, he says, \"I found that my popularity in China is more than in my country.
 
"From The New York Times Opinion Section: When Uighurs buy a kitchen knife, their ID data is etched on the blade. China is deploying high-tech tools to create a better police state"

"In launching a probe into U.S. sorghum imports, China has fired a warning shot across its top trading partner's bow that shows farmers in states that voted for U.S. President Donald Trump may be Beijing's top retaliatory target in the event of a trade war."                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                              
"China's services sector got off to a flying start in 2018, expanding at its fastest pace in almost six years as new orders surged and companies rushed to hire more staff, a private survey showed on Monday."     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"Nissan Motor Co plans to invest 60 billion yuan ($9.5 billion) in China over the next five years with its joint-venture partner as it seeks to become a top three automaker in the world's biggest market."

                                                                                                                                                         
